README.md, before:

# TorchfromScratch-Maths

This repository contains code, notebooks, and resources for understanding and implementing core mathematical concepts in Deep Learning. It is basically a custom Deep Learning Framework similar to pytorch, but on CPU. It is organized into modules covering traditional machine learning, perceptrons, autograd, MLPs, tensors, CNNs, transformers, and deployment tests.

## Structure
- **00_Traditional_ML/**: Linear regression and classic ML models.
- **01_Perceptrons_Rosenblatt/**: Perceptron algorithm and class.
- **02_Scalar_Autograd/**: Micrograd autograd implementation.
- **03_Scalar_MLP/**: Scalar MLP implementation.
- **04_Tensor_Class/**: Tensor class and related notebooks.
- **05_Tensor_MLP/**: Fully connected network / Multi Layer Perceptron and housing dataset on tensor autograd.
- **06_CNN_Vectorised/**: CNN models, training, and notes.
- **07_Transformers/**: Transformer models, tensor library, and handwritten notes.
- **99_Deployment_Tests/**: Deployment scripts and tests.

## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Pawan-Adhikari/ML-maths.git
   ```
3. Explore the notebooks and Python scripts in each module.

## Future Work
- Custom CUDA kernels
- Performance Optimisations

## Author
[Pawan Adhikari](https://github.com/Pawan-Adhikari)

Commit message:

Enhance module descriptions
Updated repository name and added training dataset details for CNN and Transformers.

README.md, after:

# MLMaths-TorchfromScratch

This repository contains code, notebooks, and resources for understanding and implementing core mathematical concepts in Deep Learning. It is basically a custom Deep Learning Framework similar to pytorch, but on CPU. It is organized into modules covering traditional machine learning, perceptrons, autograd, MLPs, tensors, CNNs, transformers, and deployment tests.

## Structure
- **00_Traditional_ML/**: Linear regression and classic ML models.
- **01_Perceptrons_Rosenblatt/**: Perceptron algorithm and class.
- **02_Scalar_Autograd/**: Micrograd autograd implementation.
- **03_Scalar_MLP/**: Scalar MLP implementation.
- **04_Tensor_Class/**: Tensor class and related notebooks.
- **05_Tensor_MLP/**: Fully connected network / Multi Layer Perceptron and housing dataset on tensor autograd.
- **06_CNN_Vectorised/**: CNN models, training, and notes. (Trained on MNIST and CFIAR-10)
- **07_Transformers/**: Transformer model, tensor library, and handwritten notes. (Trained on Shakespearen dataset)
- **99_Deployment_Tests/**: Deployment scripts and tests.

## Getting Started
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Pawan-Adhikari/MLMaths-TorchfromScratch.git
   ```
3. Explore the notebooks and Python scripts in each module.

## Future Work
- Custom CUDA kernels
- Performance Optimisations

## Author
[Pawan Adhikari](https://github.com/Pawan-Adhikari)
